Today is my Birthday. I turned 25. All I want for my birthday is an upvote.
BF wants me to masturbate for him. Do guys actually find this hot?
I hear my house mate masturbating. Should I walk in on her?
Why do Americans refer to their country as "free"?
Black American parents of reddit, why do you name your kids weird names?
It's April second. Shouldn't that hideous timeline bullshit that's clogging my front page have fucked off by now?
I am an Australian. I think that allowing anyone to own guns is stupid. Reddit, why do so many Americans think otherwise?
We're back! What did you do during the Great Outage of Autumn 2012?
Problem with new girlfriend. Reddit, please help me.
 which a neural network learns to race
Thanks to everyone’s advice, my mouse drawing algorithm has gotten much better and faster!
Debugging Cheat Sheet
Just trying to create a orbit system in python and this happened...
Dev'ing an app to help visualize data from any matplotlib figure
I've designed brand new cheatsheets (x2) and handouts (x3) for matplotlib
I am a medical student, and I recently programmed an open-source eye-tracker for brain research
MS is considering official Python integration with Excel, and is asking for input
Python 3 in One Pic
I've made a 3D scanner that's fully automated using Python script on Android phone!
I made a little program that mutes spotify ads because i dont have the money to get premium . Not anything special but i think its quite neat. Any ideas on cool python projects i can build ?
The only way to satisfy a programmer on his birthday!
Happy Holidays! Made a user-directed greeting card using Python Turtle Graphics
Python's response to MATLAB
Laid off for 8 weeks. Anyone else starting their python journey?
[Beginner’s Guide] How to start programming in Python
Python Cheet Sheet for begineers
A Python GUI for uninstalling the default Windows 10 apps.
A tool that copies a selected area of your screen, not as a picture, but as pastable text (GitHub in comments)
Python project that answers high-school problems almost instantly. Made using Tesseract, Scrapy and Flask.
Thought this looked familiar...
PrettyErrors, a module to format exception reports
Finished a program that draws images with epicycles!
Python in a nutshell (Had to do it)
I wrote a Python program to play Google Dinosaur Game using Gesture Recognition
I made an AI opponent for lesser known board game - Chain Reaction. Apparently, it plays better than me!
End-to-End Self Driving Car - Need For Speed
My Professor wants hand written assignments. So I made MyhandWriting.. that can write in myway on a A4 sheet paper.
So I made a Python and Arduino project that dynamically changes sets the ambient lighting to match the computed dominant color values from the wallpapers.
I am excited to share my 8th published book, Python 101, geared for beginners and intermediate level readers
This great message
Made an annoying Python script that sends a friend on Facebook Messenger the Shrek movie word by word
I'm developing a game with Python and Pygame!
I made an Instagram Bot to make DeepFakes for everyone! @deepfake.maker
I finished my Python Ray Tracer capable of rendering refraction and thin film interference!
This post has
Made a Screen Dimmer based on Facial Recognition with OpenCV and AppleScript!
A Program that acts as an "invisibility cloak"... It camouflages any person/object that appears in front of the camera.... Sorry for the colour jittering🙈
We started late, but we managed to leave Python footprint on r/place!
An update on Python 4
hashtags
Got my first job as a developer!
Recursively flipping and rotating an image. Python source code in comments!
I released the Code for the Instagram DeepFake Bot!
I made a ray tracer that simulates curved spacetime by using Einstein's field equations from general relativity. Here's a black hole!
I maDe a sCriPT thAT raNdOMlY cApiTAlIZes lEtTErs iN a SEntENcE
Replicating Face Mask Detection - OpenCV and MobileNetV2
I think it’s clear why I chose a Software Engineering career path instead of being an Artist
Trying to keep my Jump Rope and AI Skills on point! Made this application using OpenPose. Link to the Medium tutorial and the GitHub Repo in the thread.
I teach Python courses - here's my collection of about 1,000 slides on various Python topics, including data science (hosted on GitHub, licensed under CC-BY-SA)
Because of quarantine and online clases I made some scripts to automatically connect to my zoom classes to get more sleep, I also configured my Mac to show old recording of me as a virtual cam in zoom so I don't have to attend early classes
My python image/GIF glitching library is now on pypi!
Python Section at Foyle's, London
I made a Spotify ad stopper because I was too poor for Premium. It automatically detects when an ad plays and then restarts Spotify in the background. It's my first project after escaping tutorial hell and I'd love any feedback you guys have!
I was tired of opening 100s of tabs for internship apps. So, I made an app to scrape and apply to every single job listing on Glassdoor with one click using Selenium! (source code and YT video linked below)
Change text in place with custom hotkeys (Python Keyboard Listener)
Found this on twitter
I made a python drawing
Randomly Generate 69420 - Generate random 5-digit numbers until 69420 is generated
Fourier Series Visualizer in pygame.
Hexapod Robot Simulator with only Numpy and Plotly Dash
I made a project that generates the graph
How to quickly remove duplicates from a list?
Why would you want to use BeautifulSoup instead of Selenium?
My pothole detector. Used yolov3 annotated images on labelimg.
I made a fractal tree in python using turtle
I created a python script to generate color palettes from images (info + github link in comments)
Microsoft Considers Adding Python As an Official Scripting Language in Excel
Snake 4d - 4 spatial dimension game
PrettyErrors, a module to format exception reports
I'm working on a 2d N-body simulation using Python and Pygame
I created a series in Python that takes you through every detail step-by-step (code included) on how to create your own algorithmic trading bot that trades the financial and crypto markets for free.
A Command Line Stock Dashboard
We did it
These two books changed my life in 2018!
Happy 4th of July from Chicago
I created my first app, "Timeglass", a simple, unobtrusive menu bar timer for macOS.
Embedded Python: Build a Game on the BBC micro:bit – Real Python
I created a GUI that collates various interests of mine in one handy place
White Cuts Across Black Background - an effect achieved through good use of the Python Image Library
With my limited knowledge in Python, I wrote a simple script to control my motorized microscope from a keyboard. All instructions are open-source. Just wanted to share with this community for possible comments and suggestions for further improvements.
Lil cheatsheet
I made a course on NumPy. It got good reviews, but sales were weak so I'm releasing the entire thing for free.
Hello, world! I'm Al Sweigart, author of "Automate the Boring Stuff with Python" and several other programming books. AMA!
Spotlightify - a overlay controller for spotify, allowing you to quickly control your music without distraction. Please let me know if you are interested in this application as I am thinking of making it public on my github in the near future (once more features have been developed), thanks!
I wrote a python script that I'm running on my phone to play a word game called Ruzzle.
Started learning python today, Screw 'Hello World' , I'll start with 'Hello There'
xkcd: Python Environment
Work laptop doesn't allow minesweeper? I'm gonna build my own minesweeper, with blackjack, and hookers! In fact, forget the hookers!
The project is finally done, thanks a lot for all of the support you guys gave me. (Wireless media controller v1.2) #rifi
I created a video about Neural Networks that is specifically aimed at Python developers! If you understand the Code, you understand how to create a Neural Network from Scratch! The video took me 200h to create and is fully animated! Hope it helps you guys :)
I created a python program for interactive batch cropping
Wrote a script that downloads r/wallpaper's hottest 100 images and cycles through them as a wallpaper!
My startup failed, so I open sourced the code. I hope someone finds it useful.
Happy birthday, Python, you're 30 years old today: Easy to learn, and the right tool at the right time
I made a Sudoku.com solver using Selenium
NSA just declassified their python training documents
Made this tool with python and my son now hates me
After having this idea a while back and seeing yesterday's post with arduino controlled auto ambient lighting, I creating my own version with python!
I wrote a program that doodles things in MS Paint!
Spent 9hrs finding a bug yesterday, took 15mins to figure it out today
When Python Meets Fourier Transform
It takes a village to build an open-source project and a single a**hole to demotivate everyone
Made something similar to Apple's Animoji™ using Python
I made a recursive maze solver in Python
Python swallows Java to become second-most popular programming language
Every article about python decorators be like...
I made a python script to download subtitles for your movies...
I'll be damned
BrachioGraph, an ultra-cheap Python-powered drawing machine
I made a Finance Database with over 180.000 tickers to make Investment Decisions easier
I launched my new website with all my free Python and Machine Learning Tutorials (currently 68).
I made my handwriting a font on Inkscape and used custom made python script to add random movment (in y axis) for each character. Looks fine or too suspicious?
I wrote a program on python to show how the number of swearwords differs across each breaking bad episode to see if there was any kind of correlation - turns out there isn't and this was a complete flop
A fitting curve that "boings" into place (and a digression into spring-mass-dampers, vibration and control theory, and integral transforms)
Python made me look like a WIZARD
Rolling Shutter Effect demonstrated with Python
My first major Python project! Made with 100% python using pygame. Source code and download in comments.
My gravity simulation almost an entire day of work later! Featuring inelastic collisions
Stack overflow traffic to questions about selected python packages
I created "twenny" – my very first app! It reminds you to give your eyes a break every 20 minutes to prevent eye strain and is located in your menubar. You can download it on GitHub!
Boids - organic motion from 3 simple rules
A VS Code extension that displays the values of variables while you type
A new kind of Progress Bar for Python
Ever heard of Black? This is the opposite. A tool to turn your clean python code into a hideous (working) mess.
Any love for Python 2.5 on an i486?
Programming + Math + Graphs = Art
And so it begins... I’ve decided to start a new hobby and hopefully I can make some use out of it. Wish me luck!
Probably the most useless thing that I have ever coded but it’s fun looking at it
[OC] Updated version of my recent maze finding algorithm with source code
I found what happens when you change the Mandelbrot Set's power value and animated it with Python
Made a small Reddit client that runs on a 0.96 inch OLED display with a Raspberry Pi as my first project written in Python
From Depressed Addict to Happy 25 Year old Making 65k/year - How learning Python helped save my life
I configured my terminal to teach me a new word everyday! Every time I open a new terminal window, I have a python script that scrapes dictionary.com and gives me the word of the day. On top of that, I have a motivational quote displayed as well :)
I've created a python program that generates photomosaics from any dataset !
Skribbl.io bot in python (simulate mouse inputs)
Python Virtual Environments: Extreme Advertising Edition
Visualizing Bubble Sort
I teach programming to researchers at the University of Bristol. Due to Coronavirus all our teaching has moved online. I've just uploaded my first recorded session covering pandas 🐼
Nice try
Shared this one on FB and everyone was confused. :D
Lately I got nothing to do so I decided to work on my school project for next year and I’ve made a program that tracks moving objects in a specific area and sends me a picture of the moving object in the discord
i made a bot that turns reddit arguments into ace attorney
MS considers adding Python as official scripting language for Excel 😍 The change proposal currently has 6400 votes.
Program to Convert an Image into Dice. (w/ code)
Currency converter - my first web scraping project :)
This is one of the most interesting outputs of the particle simulation :)
AI basketball analysis web App and API
Very nice 👍
Double Pendulum made with Processing.py
My First Algorithm in Python! A Recursive Maze Solver
Instagram in Terminal
Really??
This morning I decided to learn how to code in Python and after watching a YouTube course on the basics of the language, I coded this all by myself. It took me like 4 or 5 hours. I feel ashamed and super proud at the same time.
Circle Evolution v0.1 is now available on PyPI. My first big project as a 16 year old. [Github repo & desc in comments]
6 Months of learning Python, 3 Hours of Rendering, here is my first Mandelbrot Zoom
Learning python so my wife customized my tumbler.
Dijkstra's algorithm now running in linear time on a 90x90 grid
Tuesday Daily Thread: Advanced questions
I created a maze generator, then solved it with Djikstra's algorithm
I started my first big project 2 months ago. But since I won't be able to keep working on it this summer, I decided to share it with you guys right now. Here it comes, the physics simulator!
I made the rotating circle *illusion* from numberphile's lates video
I'm really bored at work
Fluid simulation in Python
Python Logo Candy
I made a program that gives me INFINITE STORAGE!
When a software developer weds a software developer.
My first Python program! Changes my desktop background based on the weather, time, and day.
This post has:
Dear python2 user
Maze Solver Visualizer - Dijkstra's algorithm (asynchronous neighbours)
Monday Daily Thread: Project ideas!
So true!
I know Python basics, what next?
Hey Reddit, here's my comprehensive course on Python Pandas, for free.
I made a script that turns images into ASCII art
Finally finished a Qt-based program to control the telescope at our observatory. The blue mark shows the telescope pointing, the purple one -- selected object
How much do I love Python?
Do you know what a 5D cube is like? Let's rotate it in 5D, project to 3d and render it in 2D! (Things you can do with Python and POV-Ray)
txtai: AI-powered engine for contextual search and extractive question-answering
From the Netflix series "Family Business". I rate it 10/10 for realism
Using python to map the traffic that came to my server after my post hit the front page.
If you use Pandas, check out this GUI I made for viewing, plotting & modifying DataFrames
I just automated an actual job I have at work.
Here is an absolute Beginners Tutorial that can help you guys to get started with Machine learning. All you need is some basic knowledge of Python. You will have created two ML models at the end of this tutorial and also know the working of some ML algorithms.
Matplotlib can create plots in the xkcd art style, so you can create plots that look hand drawn.
This website has a searchable database of python modules shown as collapsible trees
We are not alone!
My students challenged me to write the smallest graphical user interface that includes actual user interaction. Can it be any smaller than this?
Generating Geometric Birds
Be an absolute beginner at python: Check, have co-workers think I'm performing black magic : Check
I made this robust Instagram Bot that checks who’s not following you back, mass follows & unfollows people on your behalf at a safe rate for organic growth. This Bot imitates a human-like behavior by randomizing time between actions. Check comments.
Create splash pages in less than 20 lines of python for free. Splashgen is an open source project
I dislike Tkinter so I made a Drag-and-Drop Gui builder to make it less painful.
I made a script that uses the mouse and keyboard to scan a grayscale image and replicates it in ms paint
Learn Python in 2021 with these FREE Udemy Courses!
Python in one?
I think the CTX package on PyPI has been hacked!
MIT offers free online course in Computer Programming using Python
I made an Instagram Bot that downloads any video post you send to him and sends it back to you as mp4. Source Code will follow later https://instagram.com/instaadownload
8 months ago, I started writing code to scrape and visualize data on stock trading by US politicians. Since then I’ve received hundreds of thousands of visitors to the dashboard and just finished up the first version of a Python package that will make it easier for others to work with the data.
Guido van Rossum joins Microsoft
I made a gravity simulation https://github.com/phgilde/gravity_simulation
I finished my Map Stylizer program! Repo in the comments
I made this with Python. So Proud.
Matplotlib 3D bar plots
I made a Python Node editing IDE and it has saved me hours in development time and made my code ridiculously reusable
My simulation of gravity with 1000 particles. PC took a couple of hours to process!
Concept Art: what might python look like in Japanese, without any English characters?
He's a Parsertongue.
So i turned old processor into keychain. What do you guys think about it?
In case you didn't know: Python 3.8 f-strings support = for self-documenting expressions and debugging
I made this clock using python and as GUI html, css, JS
I made a webcam to ascii converter with opencv
This beziez curve i've made
Today I’m releasing PyBoy v1.0.0! A Game Boy emulator written in Python, focused on scripting, AI and learning
Update! As promised, I made a website for the writing synthesis algorithm I wrote, It's fairly easy to use (Massively better than using the scripts itself). I hope it helps some of you to get your assignments done. Do try it out! Currently hosted on https://3c160834.ngrok.io (Link expires in 8 hrs)
Understand your data with a few lines of code in seconds using DataPrep.eda
I made c++-style printing in Python :P
Using only Python, I made a web dashboard to follow the coronavirus situation in Brazil
Six months into Python and Data science, my first Dashboard Web App with covid19 data using python only
I made this script to find the optimal person to be traded for camels
I wrote a script that creates a password wordlist based on the information you provide about the person.
Anyone else uses the Python interpreter as a calculator?
I was able to install and use Jupyter Notebook on my Android smartphone! (Through the terminal and without using root access)
My school's business analytics course is taught in python. This is their textbook!
Using Python to find a prime number that looks like the python logo (or any other image) from far away [OC]
An Interactive Python Cheat Sheet That Brings The Answer To You
My 3D Shooter game using only pygame!
I wrote a little python package to render images as continuous lines with varying thicknesses using matplotlib
I made a random maze generator
I created the first cross-platform Python library to create native context menus!
Post all of your beginner projects to r/MadeInPython, this sub is being overrun with them
I used reinforcement learning with python to solve Numberphile's "cat and mouse" game!
My experience learning Python as a c++ developer
I just finished a 48 hour game jam using Python and Pygame! (Source in comments.)
Map Creator made using python
Guys do not name your variable of type dictionary as myDict/mydict during your whiteboard interviews!
I made a coding interview site with video conferencing, collaborative code editing and remote code execution.
"Automate the Boring Stuff with Python" online course is free to sign up for the next few days with code DEC2020FREE
Backdoor in ssh-decorator package
Made my first fractal
an error in my code makes the Mandelbrot set look even cooler
[RANT] Clients telling me "I know python" is a major red flag to me
I made a raytracer in Python from scratch!
I made a Backtracking Algorithm Visualizer in Python with Pygame as my very first personal project!
"The rules of perf" at Dropbox
Python is Now Officially the Second Most Popular Programming Language
We're building an app that lets you search Stack Overflow, Python documentation, and code on GitHub
I wrote a syllabus for learning Python and Django. Four people have gone through it, two are interviewing and one got a job. It's based on using a somewhat even mix of coding challenges, personal projects and books.
Just a python apprentice here... Was bored every day of attending school meetings on zoom so I used pyautogui to attend those for me;)
I’m learning Python, but I also came across my dads old BASIC textbook. The problem solving aspect of the book is almost better than any modern one I’ve read.
The youtube-dl repository has been restored on GitHub with help from the Electronic Frontier Foundation
Spent a few days hacking together a ray-casting engine that renders to ascii for playing in your terminal! With shading and textures! Link in the comments.
i created a sorting algorithm visual that can compare the speed and efficiency of different algorithms on variable-length lists in python
I've accidentally made a weird art generator. Help me.. I cant stop running it.
Here is my progress so far on my python game engine for the terminal, after almost a month of work. It can convert pictures and make animations, move sprites, move and animate ascii art, display sprites with layer effect, transparency and so on... I plan on releasing it's source code in a month.
Backtracking algorithm visualized with Sudoku
I made a program that allows you to download song cover arts from Spotify or Soundcloud and then embeds them to your MP3 files.
I made a face recognition program
Real Python is giving away a free Python course bundle [access code inside]
I've seen a bunch of Pygame physics simulations here recently, so here's my take on it: accurately modelling the orbits of objects in our solar system using data from JPL Horizons
Found it funny ;)
Dear PyGui Now Has Built-in Demo
I made a hanged man game using turtle library
prettymaps: A small set of Python functions to draw pretty maps from OpenStreetMap data
I made a command-line tool that instantly fetches Stack Overflow results when you get a compiler error
My nightly ritual.
[OC] Maze solving algorithm recursively attemps to solve the maze
Texas Instruments’ new calculator incorporates popular Python programming language
The most copied comment in Stack Overflow is on how to resize figures in matplotlib
I wrote a beginner's book about Python. Pay what you like, or nothing.
"Automate the Boring Stuff with Python" online course is free to sign up for the next few days with code
I cross-stitched the Python logo!
Stop hardcoding and start using config files instead, it takes very little effort with configparser
Visualisation of different path finding algorithms
Python surpasses C# in popularity among developers
A path finder i recently made in Python PyGame
Google Translate, but for Sign Language - I used Python and OpenCV AI Kit to perform Sign Language Detection.
Just finished my graduation cap for tomorrow
I wrote a song about everyone's favorite Python Enhancement Proposal
My Halloween Facepaint - Scary huh?
Physics simulator with rotation and collision I made with Python. If you dropped your phone, and it just kept bouncing!
Win10 is going to start including Python 3.7
Developed a 'personal home assistant' whatsapp bot to control an appliance (lamp in this case)
I am just a beginner in programming. Today I have created my first ever project (Simple Calculator) with Python GUI Tkinter. Thank you for this great community for inspiring me so much.
Training a neural net on 7 years of text messages became surprisingly self aware
Out of curiosity, how many of you guys started your journey with 'Automate the boring stuff'?
New search engine made with Python that's anonymous and has no ads or tracking. It tries to fight spam, and gives you control of how you view search results. You can search and read content anonymously with a proxied reader view. The alpha is live and free for anyone to use at lazyweb.ai
"Sillynium" - Auto generate working Python Selenium scripts by drawing coloured rectangles around web elements on a page that you want to automate
A terminal youtube playlist music player - because terminal applications are minimal and running a web browser is an overkill to listen to music
Flask app to extract palette of dominating colors from image
Made a racing game that runs in Terminal. 100% Python
[AI application] Python implementation of Proximal Policy Optimization (PPO) algorithm for Super Mario Bros. 29/32 levels have been conquered
Python in the new NASA going to the Moon video.
For those of you made uncomfortable by yesterdays simulation. No phones were harmed in the making of this simulation
Prof. Gilbert Strang a mathematician and professor at MIT mentioning Python while teaching a course on Computational Science and Engineering in Fall 2008
I created a python script that can (technically) play videos inside of the terminal!
2D Raycasting along with Rendered view - Visualization was done using Pygame! People who love games would definitely love this! Link to the Github repository in the comments!
Wrote this program to skip Spotify Ads using Spotify API
My previous post on the algorithm i made to create these images blew up, so here is another! WITH a Github link: https://github.com/TyperOfCode/image_algorithm
Just Found the Best Python Book...Cover
Python is now the second most popular language in the world according to TIOBE. This is the highest position that Python reaches since 2001.
Here's a very simple Python wallpaper
I Made Snakes With Neural Networks! Here were the four best ones.
Simulated herbivores and carnivores on an island using Python
Today is the last day of Python 2 support!
Python Helped me Write Again
I made a python script to download and save your favorite Facebook videos.
Universities finally realize that Java is a bad introductory programming language
My Python regex ebook with hundreds of examples and exercises is currently free
Made a fluid simulation for my engineering exams
Learn something new about Python every day in less than 1 minute
*Update* Thank you all for your suggestions on my previous post about Handwriting Synthesis Algorithm, after going through all the comments and ideas you all shared, I have made Handwriting Synthesis v2, please review and suggest any changes/add-ons.
A strongly typed dialect of Python is coming. I would like to humbly suggest a name for it.
The New Switch-Case Statement in Python 3.10
Today I’m releasing PyBoy v1.5.0! A Game Boy emulator written in Python, focused on scripting, AI and learning
I wrote an integrated POS system for my girlfriend's restaurant using tkinter.
Python passed Java as the second-most popular language on GitHub by repository contributors
I recently updated my pandas dataframe GUI so you can easily embed it in your own Flask apps. Here's a quick demo I made. Code linked in comments.
I created a library called 'handcalcs': it renders your Python calculations in Latex as though you had written them by hand.
i made a python function that turn numbers into graphical format.
Tiler - A Tool To Build Images Out Of Other Images (link in comments)
Python powered slot car track
Animated Dijkstra, sidewinder maze, pillow and imageio (xpost /r/proceduralgeneration
#10YearChallenge
Sudoku App
The Most Complete List of Legally Free Python Books (Updated 2021)
I created my first neural network that can recognize handwritten digits (Github link in comments)
Python just surpassed Java as the 2nd programming language with the highest number of questions in SO.
Enable ++x and --x expressions in Python
Python 3.10 Released!
Really simple simulation of virus spreading. Black dots are people, yellow dots are infected (it starts from 1). Each cell visited by an infected can infect other people passing through that for 3 iterations. After 20 iterations a person is infected is deleted from the grid.
I wrote a Network Packet Sniffer for ethical hacking in Python 3 that exclusively uses built-in libraries.
I'm a generative artist and currently obsessed with domain warping
Just noticed that the code in "Ralph Breaks the Internet" is in python
Matplotlib add-on to make Tron-style plots: github.com/dhaitz/mplcyberpunk
Finding the shortest path between two points using the A Star Algorithm! I find it to be one of the best self projects to learn and get into programming. Link to the Github repository in the comments!
Achieved what I was trying to do thanks to Reddit.
Simulating Quantum Mechanics Using Matplotlib and Tkinter
Playing Flappy Bird with Mixed Integer Programming
I brute forced hello world [Code and Reasons in the comments]
Today is my first day learning coding and I am awestruck.
The second version of my simple game. It's still pretty pathetic. But now I have implemented a little object orientation (now my code has classes: P).
Cracking like print type
I Used Deep Learning To Identify Naruto (Anime Series) Hand Signs
Super Potato Bruh - A game written entirely in Python/Pygame.
I made an Android app that detects and recognises traffic signs, using Kivy and OpenCV, to help combat traffic casualties worldwide
Made a smart rockets simulation with a genetic algorithm
I made an automated machine learning bot that can detect diseases using images within seconds
I made an app to watch music videos for the songs playing on your PC, while trying to synchronize them.
Introducing JustPy: An object-oriented, component based, high-level Python Web Framework that requires no front-end programming. With a few lines of only Python code, you can create interactive websites without any JavaScript programming. Comes with a comprehensive tutorial
Approx 6 months back. I was asking help to practice and learn python in this sub. With the support of this sub yesterday I contributed in one of the DL project of arrow and color detection at the right spot which is to be implemented in self driving rovers. Thank you all.
Python patch, first try.
I just had a baby, so naturally I had to program a tool for deciphering his schedule
I created an AI to play "Flappy Bird": my first steps into AI (using Pygame and NEAT-python)
TIL that seaborn refuses to use the jet color scheme in a most wonderful fashion
My wife made her first api
more than 100 scientific articles may be invalidated because scientists assumed that the output of glob.glob() is sorted
I made a video with 3 projects for beginners. The projects cover game development, web scraping, and automation. All the code is in the description, feel free to play around with it!
Python 201 Book is Free for 48 hours
Automated My Job for the First Time
Generating a random maze using Prim's algorithm
PyCon US 2021 Notes
Python Fractal Landscape
Do not use mutable objects as default arguments in Python
Alright, which one of you was this? Haha had to stop and take a pic
Flask 2.0 is coming, please help us test
16 bytes of Python code compiles to 32 terabytes of bytecode
Twitter is opening up its full tweet archive to academic researchers for free
A month ago /u/AlSweigart asked for help reviewing his book. I delivered and so did he.
I made this free tool for practicing Python (it's like Duolingo for learning to code)
First python project, it's a bit simple but feeling pretty good about it.
I made a randomized binary tree (python, tkinter)
Python overtakes R, becomes the leader in Data Science, Machine Learning platforms
I'm sorry r/Python
The youtube-dl GitHub repo has received a DMCA takedown request from the RIAA
I wrote a program to get the high score on a typing practice website
Rolling Hills (Made with Python Processing)
I would like to share my first game! I did it all with pygame. I'm still learning so it's not so cool, but I want to improve it in the future: P
My attempt at coding a GUI Maker (maybe helpful for beginners)
A simple tool written in python to make pixel art from images using excel sheets (https://pix-to-xls.now.sh) repo: https://github.com/joelibaceta/pix-to-xls
Coronavirus tweet locator real-time
Senior Python Programmers, what tricks do you want to impart to us young guns?
I am not good at modelling so I used Blender in a way to visulaize data. This is my first project with Python and Blender. The progress so far. (Link of the repo is in the comments)
I made a FTP/SFTP client using python and tkinter
For trading enthusiasts: I made a highly-efficient Python library that combines NumPy, Numba and Plotly to backtest trading strategies interactively
Created a python script that execute Exploratory Data Analysis on any CSV file. It generates a text report, a series of plots and a processed csv file as outputs.
tkinter was shockingly easy to write a small overlay GUI
I created a 40-minute tutorial that will explain everything you need to Containerize your Python applications using Docker!
Use python to find a prime number that looks like any image if glanced upon from far away. [OC]
Python 3.7.0 released
Possibly the most terrifying O'Reilly cover I've ever seen
We hand-picked the best Python libraries released in 2020
Made my first program to help me with my homework
Malicious Webpage Classifier using DNN [Pytorch]
I automated a full time full before it could be advertised
Python Sorting Algorithm Visualizer (Using Cocktail Shaker Sort Algorithm)
Got a job that requires Python and Django developement, also using Tkinter and Pyqt for desktop apps.
Library for making desktop apps like React
Ask microsoft to include Python in Windows by default
15+ Free Python Projects for Beginners with full tutorial walkthroughs
Python programming: We want to make the language twice as fast, says its creator
Tired of checking craigslist for used cars so I made a python program to do it and send emails replies to good deals
This is really amazing! If this person can make this sort of thing in his living room, I wonder what people with resources like at Google or CMU Navlab must be doing.I don't think I would need to renew my driving license.
Is This Headline Fake or Not? (isthisheadlinefake.com)
Spotlightify (The Spotify overlay controller) Update - New Features added and Source Code Released! (Windows, macOS and Linux tested)
My girlfriend remade the Python logo with punch-needle.
best-of-python: A ranked list of awesome Python libraries and tools
Made a program that makes a photo mosaic out of any image.
Gitutor: A command line app that makes Git easy
I made a face recognition program in Python by using the pre-trained model to compute face embedding. Next based on these face embedding I am able to classify between all the faces in my data. It works fine but is really slow when executed in real-time. I have a low-end i3 laptop without GPU.
Python + Quantum Research = Art + Saving 1000s hours of CPU time
I made a tool to download and set wallpapers from Reddit.
Codecademy is giving its pro subscription for free to help students, and they've got a great Python 3 course. Maybe you should enroll and utilize your time while in quarantine!
Andrew Ng's Machine Learning Course will be re-released in PYTHON this summer! (finally!)
Me doing my CS projects.
I did it!!
Here are my Python projects from 2018! (Mostly Game Dev)
Interactive Chord Diagrams with the new "chord" Python package
Thought you guys might appreciate this.
PSA: Kite is a viral plugin that kills your system performance
Face tracking anime girl with proximity detection
I'm giving away my book on writing beautiful Python for free to celebrate its alpha release
Hey guys, it's me again, with my latest Python GUI for uninstalling the default Windows 10 apps, PyDebloatX.
Anyone Want Snek in Animal Crossing?
render 3d cube wireframe in console
[AI application] Let your machine teach itself to play flappy bird!
(PyAutoGui, AHK, Python) Twitch Plays League of Legends
73 Examples to Help You Master Python's f-strings
Ultimate Python study guide
I made a script that organizes a folder!
Second year calculus done entirely in PYTHON: No pencil or paper is required! Included are things that are traditionally a pain to deal with, such as path and surface integrals. See comments for more info
Chess game python
I made a command line program that plays random animal videos to cheer you up.
A post of appreciation of development of Python
Hot reloading for realtime UI editing
The BEST update for my 3D renderer! I added Gouraud shading and the result is really satisfying. All of these have been rendered with it:
My last post about Face recognition got amazing response from all of you guys on Python subreddit, I added few faces to the model and now it can recognise my mother too that too in low light, its amazing.I ll post link to script in the comment below.
A very basic `ls` clone with hyperlinked filenames
I made an Ai discord bot for Coronavirus [Predictions , Statistics and over 100 visuals & features]
My First Book: 200 Python Exercises, An Introduction to Python
Gamestonk Terminal: The equivalent to an open-source python Bloomberg Terminal.
Free Python Programming Course on Udemy!
Using a combination of lambda functions, list comprehension, and ternary operators, (and Pygame), I was able to make Flappy Bird in one line of Python!
I wrote a Reddit bot in Python a few weeks back, and asked people if they were interested in learning the process, tools and practices. I'm posting it on r/Python, and hope you find it helpful.
Got the shirt solely because I thought it would be funny to post it on this sub with this flair... counting this as my first dad joke
Congratulations, we are (a bit) over 300K
Monitor your internet with python
First thing I made on Python! Just a free fall simulator where you can choose the height and acceleration
How to create a Discord bot with Python: Part 1 (Setting up)
Python 3.9: All You need to know 👊
I started learning python about a month ago. Today I sat down and decided that I wanted to create tictactoe. And thats what I did. Felt so good when it all came together.
My nephew got his first Raspberry Pi today :)
Started learning Python a few months ago...today I finished my first game from scratch using Pygame!
Python running without an OS!
Used Python to build a r/wallstreetbets sentiment analyzing algo-trader (I used VADER sentiment analysis) -- 33% annual return ($16k). Source code, pictures, and results!
From complete beginner to django website
I took some suggestions and improved my solar system generator with better rings and colorful stars
I’m 36 and just starting to learn Python. Is it realistic to think I could get a job in this field by 40?
I wrote a small library to enable flexible piping in Python, and finally happy with my live rendering setup in vim. Figured I'd make a small demo.
I'm a non-native English speaker and when watching podcasts/movies very often I find myself googling definition of a word so I wrote a very simple command line tool in python to make the process a little bit quicker
The interactive python mode in VSCode is amazing
You can insert Emoji using `\N{NAME_OF_EMOJI}`
Suitable tattoo
Best Python Cheatsheet Ever!
Created a click bot after reading Automate boring stuff :)
willmcgugan/rich Rich is a Python library for rich text and beautiful formatting in the terminal.
I made a script to automatically log into my zoom meetings and record it.
Free Python Learning Resource Provided by Microsoft
I have simulated ray-tracing in pygame! You can check it out here: https://github.com/kubapilch/Ray-Tracing
I made a very useful tool for my school and they are very happy with me!
Python 3.9.0 final released
Unpopular opinion: Matplotlib is a bad library
A list of 30 Python language tricks
My First Python Script : You input coordinates, It gives you a bunch of sociodemographic data describing its location (population, age, income, and more). Its super slow but eh, i'm damn proud of it!
Xpost from Woodworking
I got a job!
I made GUI based app which lets you create and train simple feed forward neural networks.
NumPy receives first ever funding, thanks to Moore Foundation
CIA uses Python (a lot)
Let's make a Simple Voice Assistant like J.A.R.V.I.S using Python [for Beginners & Intermediates]
Playing Space Invades created in pygame with hand gestures using OpenCV and CNNs
I made metaballs. Works quite fast. https://github.com/Norne9/metaballs
I wrote a Python script to generate your personal YouTube report.
My little project
I made a web app to convert baking recipes from volume to weight
I taught myself web scraping today! Made an app to tell you the weather at a zip code.
Real-Time Hand Gesture Recognition
A line follower robot my classmade and i made with python for our minor project. Turned out working great :D
What stuff did you automate that saved you a bunch of time?
Tower defense project - in game Dev view, random path offsets, animated towers and mobs - collectable with mouse/seeking coins - My first proper bespoke project (Pygame)
Yury Selivanov on Twitter: Python 3.10 will be up to 10% faster
Just started Python, felt pretty good to write a script that did my homework for me👌
My trailer was stolen late last week, so I wrote a Craigslist scraper so I can see if anyone tries to sell it. (With repo link)
Free Python for Data Analytics Course
Super Potato Bruh is now on Steam! - Made in pure Python & Pygame - Source code on itch.io!
I got a funny error trying to open a file, and decided to illustrate it.
Created a webapp that displays the bond-line structure of any chemical compound/molecule.
The Self-Taught Programmer (For Python) Udemy Course is Free (I think only for today)
Made a reaction time game for my first pygame project.
10 awesome features of Python that you can't use because you refuse to upgrade to Python 3
I made a derivative calculator! (For product rule and quotient rule only, as of now). Just started coding and there's still a lot to improve, but I'm so happy with this.
majorly improved on the interactive curve fitter I've been making with matplotlib
Super Potato Bruh (my Python Indie project) has received a major update!
10+ Year CS Teacher here. What I'm doing and why I'm doing it
EVERY. TIME.
What a surprise: had some Python swag in the mail today!
Pygame 3D Graphics
An Interactive Cheat Sheet That Just Gives You The Answer
He wasn’t happy about it, but Guido did take a picture with me
Pandas got a new logo
Made a Tic Tac Toe game.
The Ultimate Python Resource hub - Curated list of useful resources for all Python beginners
I save all of my music on YouTube playlists and was really anoyed by all of the downloaders on the internet(Full of ads, not reliable...). So I've created a simple YouTube playlist downloader, it loads up all of the songs from the playlist and then downloads one by one in a MP4 format.
Linear Regression using Gradient Descent (3 types)
A REAL Python cheat sheet for beginners
Thought I'd make a list of all the best ways to learn Python I found on the net and help the newbies.
"Automate the Boring Stuff with Python" online course is free to sign up for the next few days with code APR2021FREE
I made a python script to get details about a repository just from your terminal before cloning it. All the information are retrieved using the GitHub API.
Tensorflow Object Detection in 5 Hours with Python | Full Course with 3 Projects
Updated gravitational potential field simulation. [OC] Link for code: https://github.com/pnp-peeyush/2D-Grvitational-Field-Simulation
Alien invasion game developed using Python. Reference : Python Crash Course, 2nd Edition: A Hands-On, Project-Based Introduction to Programming
Python has made my job boring
Here we go
Wednesday Daily Thread: Beginner questions
What a journey python had
Automate the Boring Stuff with Python Udemy course free to sign up until April 7th.
Automating Zoom with Python - automatically logs into one's meetings/classes on time
I've made a sorting visualizer with python and matplotlib.
For anyone learning Python for data science, this an amazing resource--excellent book as free Jupyter notebooks
I made a robot that learns using reinforcement learning in python!
Python module for Nudity Detection and Classification.
Drawing Replicator using Fourier Transform and Epicycles
Transfer of Power (Guido stepping down as BDFL)
[Code Release] We created a fully autonomous YouTube channel that uploads daily self-created Twitch gaming compilations. It was a 100-day experiment that is now over. We spend many hours documenting everything and are sharing our four repositories with this post. Enjoy!
My first go at coding neural networks with Python. This is just running a simple training exercise which I'll use later - very excited!
Python turns 30 this month😎
I made a PlayStation 5 Bot
I made a Python library for advanced Google News data mining: get news data by topics, geolocation, full-text search. Plus, clusters of similar topics
Made a .jpg to .txt converter
Layers on layers on layers
I've been teaching myself python and made a mandelbrot image generator.
NumPy announces timeline for dropping Python 2 support
effbot has passed away.
They use python to produce black hole image
The apocalypse
I created this website to visualize how emojis are used on Twitter. Is the 14/4/2016 peak related with Python? Link in comments
I [13 yo] made a folder automating script in python!!
I made this figure in python as a masters student and it's still my favorite
My first own program. Beginner
You can hire Guido as a tutor
Made use of my Python knowledge professionally for the first time!
I wrote another Binance trading algo in Python. This one is able to analyse how volatile every coin on Binance is and place a trade when during a strong bullish movement
snakeware - a new Linux Distro with a fully Python userspace
I wrote a script to display an image in terminal using ANSI codes
This advert for a java course uses an image of python code.
10 Tools I Wish I Knew When I Started Working with Python
SMS Spoofing with Python for Good and Evil
Python script that helps you study almost any language for FREE
My first Pygame project
A Python program that lets you set the Windows desktop wallpaper to a video!
Complete Python Course (~5 Hours, Free)
I wrote a deep RL agent using Python and Tensorflow 2 that can play a perfect game of snake (6x6 grid)
Facial Detection with python in just 2 mims [tutorial]
A* path finding algorithm visualizer written in pygame - https://github.com/mHaisham/Steruell
Looking for a Python subreddit for non-beginners
You can now make Python desktop apps with HTML and CSS?
I made a little script to download playlist from Spotify
Datasette Desktop 0.2.0: The annotated release notes
A modern and customizable python UI-library based on Tkinter
Python 3.10 Match statements are 86% faster than If statements
AI Cheatsheets - Now learn Tensorflow, Keras, Pytorch, Dask, Pandas, Numpy, Scipy, Pyspark, R Studio, Matplotlib and many more in an interactive manner
Taking a dictionary as an argument is the root of all evil
A List of 100+ Random Python (beginner and advanced) Project Ideas
Got some free time this weekend and want to build your Python and machine learning skills? Here's how to train your own object detector using Google's Python-based TensorFlow framework.
Inspired on the Washington post article about COVID19 contain curve, I wrote some code emulating it. Comments are welcome.
Created a fun script to poorly replicate any image with Turtle
First upload here, graphic of a path finding algorithm using pygame. Been coding for about 8 months now, thought I'd like to show it off. :)
I created the Chaos game theory in python using only PyGame, random and the basics of algebra (I'm 14)
A Tkinter Widget Templater/GUI Builder for Python (Linux/Mac)
Does anyone else dislike working with .ipynb files? Why can't I just define code cells with # %%
Full Course - Financial Data Analysis with Python - Part 1 of 8 - Technical Analysis with DataFrames - Use DataFrames to load historical stock price data, Similarities with DataFrames and Excel, Learn about loc and iloc on DataFrames
Interactive Coronavirus Spreading Map in Python
Tkinter for python 3.10 broken on MacOS?
I was hired partly because of my knowledge of python, but head of IT won’t let me install it…
Coding in python sometimes feels like writing a really weird tongue twister...
Better Python console apps with Rich
A horrifying single line neural network using NumPy
Using Python and Spotify Web API, you can make an "endless" playlist based of the Rolling Stone Magazine's top 500 albums of all time
I accidentally deleted some Python source code but it was still resident in a running process - here's how I got it back
Send SMS Text Message With Python Using GMail SMTP For Free
[Project] carefree-learn: Tabular Datasets ❤️ PyTorch
I have been learning python as my first language for a few months now and I finally made a project I think is fun and proud enough of to show off.
Is there possible interest in a youtube series on building a python desktop program?
i mapped the whole C standard library to python
I had tried to visualise the sorting of a data structure for the programmers who are new in data structure
Real Python is giving away lifetime access to some of their paid courses for free. Great way to utilize time while in quarantine.
Python tool to turn images into sound by creating a sound whose spectrogram looks like the image. Motivated by DOOM hiding satanic symbols in its soundtrack. [OC]
I like how simple python + pygame is. Less than 60 minutes of playing around with it and I can jump around. The code is a bit messed up...
Python is becoming the world’s most popular coding language
Web Scraping 1010 with Python
I made a dice roller in python. It isn’t much, but it was fun to make :)
I learnt to use ASTs to patch 100,000s lines of python code
I see your minesweeper, but how about minesweeper for your terminal? Link to code in the comments.
Python is becoming the world’s most popular coding language
Java programmer coming to Python for the first time...
Made a genetic algorithm with the task of recreating an image using triangles. Used the pillow library for the image work and the rest was just math :)
boo.py
The Google reCaptcha solver bot that I made in action.
"Automate the Boring Stuff with Python" online course is free to sign up for the next few days with code MAR2021FREE
Trained an deep learning model to recognize hand written numbers then made a small GUI to enter my own numbers on the screen
So I like to eat and I like to code but I dont like full priced items - I built a tool to find all sales at various groceries every day so I know how to plan my meals! Take a look - its open source!
Is it possible to do this with Python?
Recoding flappy bird in python with pygame
I’m really proud of a basic chat system I made!
What're the cleanest, most beautifully written projects in Github that are worth studying the code?
Python and robotics
Guido van Rossum "honored" as Python becomes #1 most popular programming language on TIOBE ranking, passing C and Java
Ladies and gentlemen - switch cases are coming!
Aiming to fill skill gaps in AI, Microsoft makes training courses available to the public
Six more quick ways to improve your Python
Notebooks suck: change my mind
Quickly fetch your WiFi password and if needed, generate a QR code of your WiFi to allow phones to easily connect. Works on macOS and Linux and Windows
Play detective on Reddit: Discover political trolls, secret influencers and more
Why Python 4.0 might never arrive, according to its creator
Instagram Makes a Smooth Move to Python 3 - The New Stack
Particle physics in Pygame with a view and a basic GUI (menu and plots)
I'm no data scientist, can somebody explain the correlation to me?
RepostSleuthBot - Now Public
How I built an entire game and toolchain 100% in Python using PyGame
I made a Desktop Application to displays the bond-line structure of any chemical compound/molecule.(inspired by u/hvrc23 's work)
I never knew events were THIS powerful - A Python observer pattern tutorial
Python 3.6.0 has now been officially released!
Python is too nice
I made a YouTube video/playlist to MP3 converter with the ability to suggest and edit MP3 annotations
When I was learning machine learning for the first time, the exact manner in which convolutional neural networks worked always evaded me, largely because they were only ever explained at an introductory level in tutorials. So, I made an animated video explaining exactly how CNNs work. Hope it helps!
A free HTML version of my book "Python from the Very Beginning"
I made a command-line tool to find similar sounding audio files
I made a bot for a sudoku game
I created an Excel Add-in to generate Pandas Dataframes right inside Excel
Python and FastAI to Qualify at Fall Guys
I made an augmented reality real time sudoku solver in Python (source code in comments)
I made a terminal-based presentation tool with colors and effects!
I've created a debugger which lets you conveniently view the value of every expression
5 Hidden Python Features You Probably Never Heard Of
So excited. Left work early to pick it up.
A* Pathfinding on Ipad
Making a game with pygame library
Top 10 Python libraries of 2016
Why does it feel like everyone is trying to play code golf??
So I Accidentally Made a (Harmless) Virus...
Machine Learning Library by 14-year old : SeaLion
Sorting lists in python: sorted() vs sort()
Black Hat Python 2nd Edition
I made a simple translator with an interface using kivy
Had open-sourced a small script I wrote and mostly forgot about it. But then this happened and made my day!!!
That time I optimized a Python program by 5000x
Comprehensive Python Cheatsheet
Neat 'Python cheat sheet for Data Science' for beginners.
Python converts assignment writeups into my handwriting !!!
"Automate the Boring Stuff with Python" online course is free to sign up for the next few days with code JUL2020FREE
Just found an awesome new plugin for pyinstaller. pip install auto-py-to-exe
Python for Algorithmic Trading and Investing tutorial series
I turned a Nerf gun into a Call of Duty Warzone controller with Python
Things you're probably not using in Python 3 — but should
Wrote some Python for Processing to generate bugs. Source code in comments
I made a galactic collision simulation in real time with Vpython
Python 2 will retire from its 20 years of service in April 2020.
Today i finished my first useful program
I just got a 67k job before I even graduated, all thanks to python.
[off?] My wife made me a python banner
pip drops support for Python 2
30 years(!) of Python Development Visualized. Amazing!
New Features in Python 3.10
How to Make a Desktop GUI Application in Python?
Happy 1600000000 seconds since epochs everyone!
Deepnote – a Python notebook with real-time collaboration in the browser. We just opened the platform to the public.
*for fun* (3months coding experience, just learning the ropes) I made a simple tkinter GUI that keeps track of your current weed, total grams bought, and total spent, and how much you bought and smoked each day. it exports the data to be viewed in an excel file.
My implementation of YOLO - You only look once (ver 2) for object detection tasks. Source code: https://github.com/vietnguyen91/Yolo-v2-pytorch
5 rarely mentioned but super useful packages you should know about. Also, one of mine
Automate the Boring Stuff with Python (2nd edition) is coming soon!
First post here, thought you guys might like this. I've been working on an electrical thruster for small satellites for my Master Thesis, counting the ignitions with some Python scripts (+webcam) I wrote. (note the super high-tech hardware setup)
The Ultimate List of Python YouTube Channels
I built a web scraper to notify you of cancellations at fully booked campsites in Yellowstone National Park
Flask has overtaken Django according to the 2018 JetBrains Developer Survey
"Python is becoming the world’s most popular coding language" via The Economist!
Self taught coders with no degree who landed a good job by working hard, tell me your process.
Finally switch- case is coming to python.
Since you guys loved my previous project, here is another one where i used same CNN to control RC car running on Arduino as server and python as client with Rock,Paper,Scissors gestures.
I made a script to skip youtube ads!
A little python program I wrote that finds the current song playing on my Spotify account and then uses web scraping to display the lyrics.
Ubuntu 16.04 LTS released with Python 3.5 as standard, rather than Pyhon 2.7!
The most WTF Python code I've ever seen
I made a program that will help you find deep learning AI projects and pre-trained models!
A piece I did to commemorate the end of my python course. I was told you lot might enjoy!
I built a solar-powered crypto "mining rig" using a Raspberry Pi and Python
I teach python for middle and high schoolers – I made this little trophy for a competition of who could make the best image using Turtle/Python
Managed to write a minimal Facebook video downloader in 32 lines of code (not including comments and blank spaces)
Flask 1.0 released
Why have I not been using f-strings...
Snake game in a single line of python
Learning Python and found this great resource
I made an Inventory GUI
Python performance comparison in my project's unittest (via Gitlab CI/CD)
Python is now the programming language with most questions in StackOverFlow per month.
I did a meme
I wrote simple converter image to ascii(again?) and render it into picture.(source code in comments)
"Learn Python" Overtakes "Learn Java" on Google Trends
Why do people still pay and use matlab having python numpy and matplotlib?
I have created a new Python package for web scraping and analysis of stock market data.
Strange Attractors (My first package on pip)
please stop with the cryptography projects
SQLModel: SQL DBs based on Python type hints. The biggest thing I've built since FastAPI and Typer. 😅
I'm the author of Rich and Textual, two highly starred Python projects on Github. AMA
Python is the 2nd most popular language on GitHub
Used os and turtle to create visual file tree of system files (x86)
How I Calculated the 1,000,000th Fibonacci Number with Python
I wrote a script to monitor COVID cases in a specific country and send travel recommendation to WhatsApp (less than 50 lines of Python)
Looking for educational images
100 Python books, categorized and ranked
Web Scraping with Python: Everything you need to know to get started (2022)
I wrote a Python package to do adaptive sampling of functions in parallel [OC]
What's a Python feature that is very powerful but not many people use or know about it?
I made a video for my students explaining our recent end-to-end ML project (from data source to live website). Thought you folks might find it useful. Please let me know if anything’s confusing, incorrect, or could be done better!
I wrote my first python+flask web app 😊! Mood-based playlist generator and analyzer (Spotify).
Our bot scraps Udemy Coupons and then automatically enrolls you to those paid courses for FREE.
My Third PyGame Project: The Breakout
I feel so valued
I use single quotes because I hate pressing the shift key.
I made an ARP Cache Poisoning tool that automatically sets up a Man-in-the-middle attack on a target host, intercepting its internet traffic. It only uses Python 3.x built-in libraries.
Animated depth estimation from monocular image
"Automate the Boring Stuff with Python" online course is free to sign up for the next few days with code AUG2021FREE
I made a download bar in terminal with Python!
Why I'm not collaborating with Kenneth Reitz
First time coding anything other than HTML on my first day at university (Except the cls function)
We Downloaded 10,000,000 Jupyter Notebooks From Github – This Is What We Learned
In case of fire, light a fire.
Python has clearly overtaken Java in popularity on StackOverflow and trails only JavaScript
Made this coz bored... matplotlib is true love.
Python crashed my computer (shitpost)
I created a python module for command line checkboxes, better yes/no or number input.
Ubuntu plans to switch to Python3 by default for the 16.04 release.
Kroger CLI, automation utility to save on shopping, earn points, get purchases summary and more
Hi, I made a python script that changes your desktop wallpaper depending on the weather.
What's the most simple & elegant piece of Python code you've seen?
Do you also use the python console and the python math libraries as a calculator?
Beginner to pro in Python [List of free resources]
I would like to share an small personal project in Python
What routine tasks do you automate with python programs?
I'm trying to see what's the coolest looking/most satisfying thing I can render in Python. Here's what I came up so far.
Bank statement analyzer GUI with pandas, matplotlib and PyQt5
Animated Fast Fourier Transform of Music Piece
A Python App with modern GUI
I created a video about how you can train a neural network (in python) to learn complex image/video classification tasks (like in-game detection) using transfer learning! The GitHub repo is linked in the video description. Hope this is useful or helpful for some of you guys :-)
I landed a junior position coding in Python, I'm so excited and I'd LOVE advice
Yeethon - Python but recompiled with yeet
Python programmers of reddit: what's the most useful tiny little efficiency you've discovered that's improved your programming hugely?
I'm too lazy to turn off my PC at nights. so made an app to turn it off with my phone
100 Helpful Python Tips You Can Learn Before Finishing Your Morning Coffee
Turtle module drawing a randomised landscape
Datetime changes in Python 4
I built a framework to stream from Kodi, Netflix, Amazon, and Youtube with your voice
The 2017 Top Programming Languages: Python jumps to No. 1, and Swift enters the Top Ten
IT denied my request for python at work
Getting Started With Google Map API in Python
I made an application bot to apply to 100 internships with one click using Selenium and Python! Try it out for yourself (source code linked)!
A neural network is trained on images of space and then asked to hallucinate new images [OC]
Python Cheat Sheet for Beginners and Experts ⋆ Download for Practice
Enso 2.0 is out! Visual programming in Python, Java, R, and JavaScript. Written in Rust and running in WebGL.
"Developers do nothing good after 45 hours of work." Fun conversation with head developer of Netflix on the dumbest things engineering orgs do to kill productivity - they really take a crap on retros.
Images to ASCII
Made my first web app using Python and Flask!
Python changed the way I think
Announcing Support for Native Editing of Jupyter Notebooks in VS Code | Python
PSA: If you update a YML file used in CI to install or use Python 3.10, make sure to use “3.10” as a string. Otherwise is will most likely install Python 3.1.
Turtle twiddling. For those of you who asked :D
Machine Learning in a Year (in Python) - From noob to professional
Struggling to structure code in larger programs? Great resources a beginner might not find so easily
I made my first website for my Python project!
An alternative to long if conditions, what are your thoughts?
I made a tool that allows you to batch copy text with CTRL+C (Python and Tkinter)
Don't waste your money with Nathan K. Scott book
Congratulations r/Python! You are the SUBREDDIT OF THE DAY!
Python is a hammer, and we are carpenters, building houses
Saturday Daily Thread: Resource Request and Sharing!
Just launched my first production app, and the feeling is amazing
TIL if you type 'import antigravity' into a Python command line your default browser opens the XKCD comic 'Python' in a tab.
Prototype of Python-powered IoT device, gets how many subs are in r/Python plays sound when new ones are added
Simple Django 3 tutorial project for beginners
A complete web app to convert YouTube videos to MP3 files (with source for learning purpose)
A Python class
I just wanted to share a script I've made to my dad
Guido with a painting of himself that was auctioned yesterday night at the PyLadies Auction 2019!
I wrote an app that plays horror music when my code breaks
I made a crude 5-axis CNC Simulator unsing PyQt5 and OpenGL
Developers whose first programming language was Python, what were the challenges you encountered when learning a new programming language?
Name a better learning resource than Schafer Corey, I'll wait
"Rich" Colorful Dashboard Layout in Shell/Terminal with Python
I made a terminal emulator with Vim-like modes and keybindings, a status line and an inline Python interpreter.
Moon and Earth during a month long gravity simulation!
Just made my first “real” program and I’m super proud!
Hey, I made a Python For Beginners Crash Course! I laid out everything I remember finding hard to understand in the beginning, and I tried to organize everything in the best way possible! Do you guys have some feedback?
Just wanted to give everyone a heads up, the Introduction to Computer Science and Programming Using Python on EdX is a free MIT course starting Jan 22 and open for enrollment.
Coding an Age Prediction Neural Network in 10 Minutes w/ Python!
A Beginner’s Introduction to Python Web Frameworks
78 Python data science practice problems in a single github repo including numpy, pandas, matplotlib, scipy, regex, pytorch
[OC] How to use Selenium and Selenium webdriver manager to login to a website with Python
Program that paths how many clicks it takes to get from one sub to an nsfw sub
Not just for Django: the Django Girls tutorial is an excellent and hospitable Python introduction
Flowchart Recognition
Fedora is now 99% Python2-free
My first Completed project
Advanced Visual Studio Code for Python Developers – Real Python
[tutorial] How to host for free your Python app
I made a python script that helps you to search, download movie posters and set them as folder icons. PosterPy uses the popular IMDbPY package to search movies and TMDb a.k.a The Movie Data Base API to download movie posters.
This is how I found (and fixed) a vulnerability in Python's source code
Sentiment Analysis on Tech News
During lockdown, I developed an open-source python package for efficient text data analysis, it's called Texthero. Extra information in the comments.
I wrote a book on machine learning w/ python code
My Python Youtube channel just hit 10,000 subscribers - buildwithpython
Advanced football (soccer) analytics: building and applying a pitch control model in Python
My weekend project was to write a visual sudoku solver without looking into how other ones are implemented before hand.
A REAL Python cheat sheet for beginners
Nice lil’ easter egg, I suppose
pathlib instead of os. f-strings instead of .format. Are there other recent versions of older Python libraries we should consider?
Some AI tutoring so you can learn Python at a fast pace
Red Hat Confirms RHEL 8 Will Drop Python 2
40 Python Data Visualizations (plots, graphs, charts) with code
My software muCLIar is a YouTube Automator that plays your music right from your Command-Line so that your development flow is not interrupted. Link: github.com/aayush1205/muCLIar
I wrote a Python program that produces random chord progressions
I made a simple remote controller for YouTube and Twitch with Python and Telegram
Lost Phone
Thanks, and that’s coming from a 13 year old.
A PlantsVsZombies game written fully in python
I made a perlin gif generator
If you're learning requests, Marvel has a gigantic free API comprising information about all of their comics!
Texas Instruments announces TI-84 Plus CE Python graphing calculator (still contains TI-Basic too)
76% Faster CPython
Today it clicked
We're the core team behind the popular Python autoformatter: Black. AMA!
I built a virtual personal fitness trainer that gives you live feedback as you work out! (Python, OpenCV, PyTorch, Kivy, SocketIO)
I used python to automate a task that would take some hours of tedious manual labor!
The online course for "Automate the Boring Stuff with Python" is free to sign up this week.
Congrats /r/python/ for having one of the most positive commenter communities on Reddit!
Python+OpenCV examples+GTAV = Fun!
User controlled Turtle cubes
Comprehensive Python Cheatsheet
[Beginners] Python 3 Cheat Sheet (syntax, libs, projects..)
Learning Python changed my life
I created a Python library that encodes files into images and videos. This little video holds about 170KB. (Warning- flashing lights)
How I saved >1000 years of CPU time using my adaptive sampling package for this quantum mechanics plot [OC]
Using dice to recreate a picture
Hey, I made a Google reCaptcha solver bot too...
Has pseudocode gone too far?
Tkinter Designer, Automate and beautify GUI creation ☄️
Best update ever for my 3D renderer made in Python! Here are some renders:
This is my first Python script... it automates creating a new React app, adds a GitHub repo and origin, opens the project in VS Code and starts the development server!
Steve Wozniak’s operating system rewritten in Python to learn how it works
Just a little pixelart to python array of strings converter I made this weekend, so you can display your pixelarts in the python's command line interface
PSA - Malicious software libraries in the official Python package repository (xpost /r/netsec)
I wrote a python program for scraping Ebay to find a cheap used espresso machines under $200.
I created a lightweight file copier/sorter to help with high school.
Python community > Java community
[TIL] Python silently concatenates strings next to each other "abc""def" = "abcdef"
When Excel fails you. How to load 2.8 million records with Pandas
Response to overwhelming "I made this" posts.
I made a system to automate attendance in my college. It uses PyQt5 for UI, and features dynamic authentication, automated mailing, time-bound implementation, schedule synchronization, warning trigger, along with a few configuration options. Thank you r/python community :)
Map of technologies used by 1000 top software companies. Collected using Python.
Me and a few friends have been using python to mod a dead version of Minecraft for a few months and we’ve just made a blog post on it, check it out!
I also made a space invader game with Python Crash Course. Used music and sprites from Zelda.
Self-driving vehicles with Python, TensorFlow, OpenCV, and Grand Theft Auto 5
What routine tasks do you automate with programs?
Easy to follow Python web scraping tutorial with the help of MITMProxy
I created a script that uses Python to calculate color infrared scenes (as well as others) using Landsat8 imagery. (GitHub repo in comments.)
I built an Instagram Relationship Analytics Tool
Python will be the official programming language for education in France
Short Python challenge : make this return True !
New console-based spinner animations in Rich
Why did I wait so long?
Anyone else learning Python as a hobby?
Using finite state machines to speed up an algorithm by a factor of 173.4 BILLION
The internet is down at work, fortunately I have my extensive library of high quality homemade games to keep me entertained
I made a python script that polices your Spotify playlists.
Stranger Things Basic Code rewritten in Python.
Google has started a new video series teaching machine learning and I can actually understand it. [X-Post /r/programming]
Wut
My first program(!) - new to coding. Time tracker for account managers on their clients.
MILESTONE: I finally tried to organize a project! Instead of being a one-filer I made classes, packages, and used a DB instead of a CSV. To most that will seem obvious, but I know I'm not the only analyst who hasn't had the best coding habits. So, this post is to encourage those to make the change!
Spiral using turtle/ different colors
Orbital Gravity Simulator made with pygame! Source code in comments.
Hacking a coffee machine mr.robot style.
A Guide to Excel Spreadsheets in Python With openpyxl – Real Python
Making my first program ever! Recently finished tutorials on python and spent forever attempting to brainstorm ideas about where to go next. I decided to do something useful and automate some of the things I do at work every day! It’s incomplete but I am wayyyy too excited to keep it to myself 😅.
I made my first Machine Learning project in Python, to detect numbers, with 99% accuracy.
Anyone else despises Matplotlib?
How do we know that imported third party python library isn't spying on our program?
Just created a cheat sheet about Support Vector Machines
My first project without any tutorial help, a simple program for torrent browsing!
pip_irl
11 Python Libraries You Might Not Know
Python now beating Java on Google Trends Worldwide
PyQt Layouts: Create Professional-Looking GUI Applications – Real Python
I wrote a program that emails me when one of my friends orders Domino's.
Building a Flappy Bird game in Python ( Too much Speed )
I was sick of my Netflix list movies disappearing, so I wrote some code to tell me what content will be expiring soon
I made my first Python app at 41 with the bare minimum training and it's probably the worst looking code ever, but it works.
Python 3.11 Performance Benchmarks Are Looking Fantastic
What’s the Meaning of Single and Double Underscores In Python?
I see your 17 loc calculator and I raise you a calculator in a single Python expression
Simple Python Tutorial for Robinhood API
Tab vs Spaces
Multiple Backdoored Python Libraries Caught Stealing AWS Secrets and Keys
Free Python books
I made a Twitch Live Stream Highlights Detector in Python!
Python & APIs: A Winning Combo for Reading Public Data – Real Python
Ditching Excel for Python - Lessons Learned from a Legacy Industry
I invented my own numbering system and programmed a clock in Python which uses it.
Honestly, just sharing because I'm stoked I figured this out on my own, even though it's very simple.
I made a web application to watch all the videos of a YouTube playlist/channel on the same page.
"Excellent Python Programmers wanted, numpties need not apply"
Today is python birthday, what do you wish?
Generating an image containing all possible colors (in 24-bit) using hilbert curves in python
Python has brought computer programming to a vast new audience
Visualising Dijkstra vs DFS vs A* pathfinding algorithms
"Automate the Boring Stuff" author is live streaming Python programming on Monday evening 5/27, 6pm Pacific
A San Francisco Startup Called Kite Took Over and Made Invasive Changes to autocomplete-python and at Least One Other Atom Plugin
Why are there so few "automation expert" businesses that provide automation to small and medium sized businesses? Would this style of business be profitable?
The PyPy project gets $200,000 from Mozilla
I have made spongebob-cli, watch classic spongebob from your terminal! ☂️
I made a twitter bot that reminds you of stock predictions
Create augmented reality plots over the web with Flask
"To remove 90% of painful meetings from devs' calendars, you just need a system to find out what people are working on and when it'll be done." Funny conversation with the head of engineering at a unicorn startup on stupid things companies need to stop doing to developers.
"Give me one example of something you can do in pandas that you can't do in excel"
Cyberbrain: Python debugging, redefined
I am excited to share my 9th published book, Pillow: Image Processing with Python
I wrote a script which goes through my LastPass vault and checks all passwords against haveibeenpwned.com and I hope somebody else finds it useful
Practice algorithms and data structures (and prep for coding interviews) with interactive coding challenges in Python
NASA's Ingenuity Mars helicopter team using matplotlib.pyplot ?
Python Math Library made in 3 Days as a 14 year-old - libmaths
I made a Password Generator which uses diceware password generating algorithm to generate cryptographically strong memorable passphrases.
Just finished my first ever project off of Eric Matthes' Python Crash Course 2nd Edition; opening it after I finished is the best feeling ever.
Voice Cloning App
Moving over to Go has made it painfully apparent how spoiled Python devs are to have the Requests library.
What was the reason for building Python on top of C?
Use the right tool for the job.
I resurrected an abandoned tiling window manager
Why is this in the official Python docs?
Github shields, but I went crazy on styling...
Reported bike thefts from Jan 1, 2018 to April 3, 2020
A startup made me make this toy django-channels chat app and then told me they didn't have money to hire me! Now it's yours internet!
pointers.py - bringing the hell of pointers into python
20 Python Snippets You Should Learn in 2021
Spend 1 Minute every day to learn something new about Python
Django 2.0 (now on master) will not support Python 2
How to Send an email from Python
My wife wanted me to code a better Secret Santa randomizer, so I over-engineered one for everyone to use!
We created a ready-to-run admin panel framework operating on a API-based plugin! What do you think? (Jet Admin)
All Projects I Made This Year ^_^
Top 15 Python Packages You Must Try
Understand Python Decorators in depth
[WIP] Made a stocks portfolio manager website using Flask
I wrote a script that builds Spotify playlists for me!
Saturday Daily Thread: Resource Request and Sharing!
AI learns to play Flappy Bird
I wrote a script that generates a geo heatmap from your google location data
Python script to transform any video file (any format) into live continuous ASCII art displayed in the cmd console
Made a video on how to create a basic neural network in Python, wanted to share! I'd appreciate any honest criticism as I'm going to create another video <3
Brand New Python Programming Course - The Complete Python Programming Bootcamp - Free for Reddit!
Doctor Strange Python Recursion Code
I saw this on StackOverflow and I felt like I had to share this.
made a python program that helps you read really fast
CPython internals: A ten-hour codewalk through the Python interpreter source code - YouTube
Took me a little while because I am still very much a beginner at coding, but I felt proud of myself today. In The Old Republic, you can talk to the droid by right-clicking him and he responds with various responses. I wanted to create code that could do that with R2. I was SO happy when it worked!
TrumpScript: Make Python Great Again.
LPT: Pandas DataFrames have a "to_clipboard" method
I was wrong! A big thank you to r/python members 🙏
We made an explainer video for our Python community!
I wrote minesweeper with python
I just deleted about 60 lines of code from my program, it runs perfectly and even better than before
Managed to impress my manager with Python... that sounds dirty
Real-Time Experiments in Python to point the difference between multithreading and multiprocessing [Link in comments]
I just released my book "Learn Python through Nursery Rhymes and Fairy Tales"!
Developing a multiplayer co-op zombie survival in pygame and python!
